comparision and justification
	our smart water meter billing system has many features which makes it smarter than any other such system that ever existed. We not only focus on the water monitering and billing but also we also focus on the usages at the end of the pipe. we calculate the water usages per tap instead of usages wholly. There is a boundation on each tap per day according to the number of person in the family for the amount of water to be used and exceeding the standard limit has different tax rate and will give a short warning about the limit exceeding, this also makes sure of no water being theift or leaked in the pipeline. we have also provided with the real time monitering of the usages and the bill upto that time and all history of the bill ever paid along with the data of the current rate and allowance. Thus making our system smarter than any other system. 
	In india there are only few cities where water is taxable and the system of calculation is in worst situation like in mumbai the tax is fixed irrespective of the amount used similarly in chennai they have assigned a certain amount of tax for different range of water usages, these system do not focus on the area of usages either water used is efficiently or its used carelessly. Not only in India, the system existing in the western cities are also not very careful about all the usages and details like in california[1] the system is quiet better than that in India but they have missed few points that we have included like the monitering each tap and for the usages and they also charge the tax on monthly basis with with certain amount of tax for different range of water usage[2] that is again irrespective of end usages and there is no warning for exceeding limit its a blind use of water. these system are not very efficient in preventing wastage of water but our system not only focuses on the revenue but also focus on the environment assuring the least wastage and most efficient use. lastly we can also come up with products that will replace water in many of out daily life usages especially cleaning stuffs.





1.http://www.businessinsider.com/california-is-launching-smart-water-meters-that-could-help-curb-the-water-crisis-2015-6?IR=T

2.http://www.mercurynews.com/2015/05/05/california-drought-state-water-board-passes-first-mandatory-urban-water-limits-in-state-history/